README.md, before:

# My Learning Projects

This repository contains a collection of my learning projects and steps I'm taking to enhance my programming skills. Each project is a step towards understanding new concepts, improving problem-solving, and mastering coding techniques. Below is an outline of the projects and topics covered.

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Project List](#project-list)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
5. [License](#license)

## Introduction
The purpose of this repository is to document my journey in learning programming and related skills. By working on these projects, I am aiming to:
- Apply fundamental concepts to real-world problems.
- Learn by building practical solutions.
- Explore various programming languages and tools.

## Project List
1. **Basic Python Programs**
   Small programs to learn Python syntax and structure.

2. **Data Structures and Algorithms**
   Exercises and implementations to master DSA.

3. **Web Development Basics**
   Developing simple web apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

4. **API Projects**
   Hands-on projects using APIs and integrating them into applications.

5. **Machine Learning Experiments**
   Exploring ML concepts and implementing basic models.

6. **Version Control Practice**
   Learning Git and GitHub basics to manage source code effectively.

## Getting Started
To clone this repository and start working on the projects:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/LittlePitza/html-css-steps
```

You will need to install the required dependencies for each project. Refer to individual project directories for specific instructions.

## How to Contribute
If you'd like to suggest improvements, share feedback, or contribute to this repository, follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Clone your fork to your local machine.
3. Make your changes and commit them with a clear message.
4. Push the changes to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request.



## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

add Recommended Resource to README.md

README.md, after:

# My Learning Projects

This repository contains a collection of my learning projects and steps I'm taking to enhance my programming skills. Each project is a step towards understanding new concepts, improving problem-solving, and mastering coding techniques. Below is an outline of the projects and topics covered.

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Project List](#project-list)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
5. [License](#license)

## Introduction
The purpose of this repository is to document my journey in learning programming and related skills. By working on these projects, I am aiming to:
- Apply fundamental concepts to real-world problems.
- Learn by building practical solutions.
- Explore various programming languages and tools.

## Project List
1. **Basic Python Programs**
   Small programs to learn Python syntax and structure.

2. **Data Structures and Algorithms**
   Exercises and implementations to master DSA.

3. **Web Development Basics**
   Developing simple web apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

4. **API Projects**
   Hands-on projects using APIs and integrating them into applications.

5. **Machine Learning Experiments**
   Exploring ML concepts and implementing basic models.

6. **Version Control Practice**
   Learning Git and GitHub basics to manage source code effectively.

## Getting Started
To clone this repository and start working on the projects:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/LittlePitza/html-css-steps
```

You will need to install the required dependencies for each project. Refer to individual project directories for specific instructions.

## How to Contribute
If you'd like to suggest improvements, share feedback, or contribute to this repository, follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Clone your fork to your local machine.
3. Make your changes and commit them with a clear message.
4. Push the changes to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request.




### Recommended Resource
For web development basics, check out this YouTube video: [HTML & CSS Full Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGTJBPNC-Gw)



## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
